In previous things, I told you who we are or the celebrities and how we are going with this only so
in for nothing, I'm going to mention how this is very efficient.
So as I created everything here.
So do you basically see this as these are the police that see us?
We call my spirit if I need to create in tabular manner.
So I'm using your dependency or we can celebrity, which is basically comes apart.
So for that purpose, what I'm doing here, I'm just use dependency injection.
I mentioned in the bombed out example that dependency this dependency.
We close this so I can use this clear, so you can see this.
So what is the beautiful thing on dependency?
Dependency injection is I don't want to require download this and thing.
So my idea is being free and will take care that to invoke that.
So it is all about how we are going to do this.
So, S. history record, I need to create 20 or so you can create a class for that or you can mention
that part also.
Holding the.
OK, so I didn't mean to imply that library, Ordsall Lane, there is a default thing you can do here
is basically just being adding the lines is you if you don't want to put that, you can put the star
here and it will involve that part.
So let me show you I'm going to do this if I'm looking here.
Star what is happening?
You can see here.
OK, so like, what is that?
I'm going to do this.
So this is basically it's.
What is the iteration iteration in the.
If you know the four loops, all sort of loop looping part is the basically iteration.
So I need to create one loop here.
So while the loop is required as other data is very which I don't want the space of only one string,
I want to go to the next thing also until the data is not over.
So I need to mention the loop here.
So let me go to the looping part.
What I'm going to mention is here is some or this looping part I am going to create.
When Lou.
What did you see as we?
The record, because it's a recording, yes, we record.
Which is basically record.
CSB record, because it is the default thing you can see here.
Which is basically the courts.
So this is the looking back.
So I need to mention some locations that's here.
So let me go to this location statistics.
So I will tell you what I'm going to do is creating a location state and what is the location sexy regenerating.
These are some default things you need to mention, because in my CSP file also these things are there,
said country, each and everything.
I'm going to create that part later with some integer piracy things because these are the same excuses
and privileges and disadvantages, and these things are distorting things.
But I need to create and project.
Even so, I'm doing this to integer part.
Then.
Let me do one thing more here.
OK.
Well, I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do this year and.
Before this things after the recording.
OK, so the significance of this is basically new statistics I mentioned in the statistics each and
everything.
So for one thing, it's.
It was non-threatening, but OK, so there are errors.
Forget about the errors, and I will tell you what I'm going to do.
So this is the only things I'm going to mention, but I need to mention one annotation, which is basically
run this as a service because my spring family doesn't know this is the Java pilot.
What is the doing things?
So I need to mention it as a service.
So let me.
And then will this as a service?
So then this as a service, but.
Let me in for Java, because innovation doesn't support this.
OK, so.
I need to mention Java and annotations of all then.
Spring will also.
Because these are some important libraries, your dimension, which is basically service as a service.
I think now we're.
Then.
So that's it, I'm going to mention easier.
So it will involve the service part here and what is this doing is it mentioned that it's also servicing
with spring look so it will look an enemy.
And it will use this as a service, consider this as a service before moving further.
I need to mention the post construct, but also in this phase detritus.
So let me go down here, utility back, so.
Let me mention this as a post construct post, one stroke is nothing but the main method you can see
your.
Most construct and know what is the main thing I'm going to mention is you're basically, I need to
schedule this.
When I need to schedule this.
There are two things here for the scheduling purposes.
OK, so this is the scheduling.
No idea what the schedule is going to work this year.
It will run it again and again with Crown or weekend psychology with some simple thing.
Let me mention you have grown.
Is equal to.
In this only so one, two three four five six two, the six Wiggins symbols of this thing.
And let me specify this gap between all the things.
So this is four seconds, minutes of all the and all the things here.
So what are you going to do?
It will invoke, according to the clock.
So I need to mention and reach them if need signal.
So I'm considering one hour of each day now know that if our files or we can see this file is updating
every day or we can say it's updating every other you need to mention you have one minute, not this
one would survive it that I mentioning by the day, only by the one hour it will enable.
But if your data is updating again and again, you need to change that.
So for my case, I'm doing this only no need to mention this this topic more because this is just a
chronological thing.
You can change it to this one and you can put the start here.
So what is the thing it's going to do?
It's going to take care of that part.
So now in the folder thing, I created everything, but I created the services part.
But I need to mention the model part here.
So what is the model parties?
Basically, what I'm going to do is I'm going to create one models thing to store everything.
As I told you, I created locations that each and everything, but I'm not mentioning it.
As I told in the folder, I created that great country each and every year, so I need to mention this.
So let me show you what I do in this country so that I'll get into each and everything.
So instead of putting this in directly in this part, in the services part, what I can do, I can do
or I can move, create an underclass to invoke this.
So.
Let me do this in for the part, but let me mention this first.
What I'm going to do is we'll do the project, but as accurately as services, let me create one more
thing.
Here is Java class.
And let me mention everything here.
The first is basically modules more analysis of a spec page in this package.
Location starts, I'm going to add.
So I'm going to store only locations.
I'm not going to store each and everything so they can create here class.
Enter, or you can say this is loaded and this is the location of glacier.
Sometimes it gives error because I need to specify here one more time.
He's basically.
Important.
This is giving me error because.
I need to import locations that Syrians.
So let me form this package.
So I mentioned here, oh, and why it is, look?
OK, OK, OK, OK, I made one edit because.
I mentioned my another failure does not belong to this project.
So, OK, so locations that successfully are.
So we are required with this one and so on.
And the further part, I'm going to create one location stretch and I'm going to mention how this is
going to work here.
So in this, you think understood everything I'm mentioning and I mentioned everything.
So in later part, Oh, I'm going to deploy location stacks and I'm going to create model everything
here.
So stick to this project and take for the spring frameworks on so you can check and you can see the
loading part.
And this is the thing I'm going to mention.
So if you want to run it, what are you going to do?
You can just ignore that part and you can print this in your command prompt.
So I'm not going to do this, but you can do because I never mentioned this part.
I need to mention in this location stacked on.
So in the further back, let us see how we are going to create locations that's eugenics era.